Update docs on controlling other robots with correct number of robots (#178)
srobo/docs: simulator/index.md

### Other robots

> There is another robot in the arena, in its starting zones. By default, this robot will not move.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is another robot in the arena, in its starting zone. By default, this robot will not move.
```

> To control this robots, you will need to provide its code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control the other robot, you will need to provide its code:
```
